Tianao Stadium
Zhou Gongzi, why did you bring him here?
They can't play basketball
This is our Jiang Province
The top private golf course
The people who can come here are either rich or expensive
I'll bring you here in advance.
Meet more successful upper class people
Before the time comes.
When you entered the Skylark
You don't know anybody.
Make fun of me
It's really reassuring to have Mr. Zhou here
Not like that punk Linzer
You can't bring me to this high-class place in your life
Heaven Dou Legion, why are they here?
Zhou Gongzi, after you were promoted to General Duhu
Are they just at your command?
Are you thinking too much?
Don't say it's me
Even that Fengming Hou Hua July
He is not qualified to drop the money.
The Heaven Dou Legion only listens to a batch of Heaven Dou Dragon Marshals
No wonder it is said that Tian Doulong Shuai is above ten thousand people
I'm such a big shot.
It is rumored that the Heaven Dou Dragon is superb
With undue anger
Once a man defeated a million heroes
Create a canopy
Leading the world's largest army
Above the 100 Great Powers
Such a powerful figure
If only I could be his woman
That is more than a thousand times stronger than Zhou Gongzi
That's Linzer